README.md, before:

# OPEN-SYNTHESIS

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/twschiller/open-synthesis.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/twschiller/open-synthesis)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/twschiller/open-synthesis/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/twschiller/open-synthesis?branch=master)
[![Code Climate Status](https://codeclimate.com/github/twschiller/open-synthesis/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/twschiller/open-synthesis)
[![Codacy Status](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/f223127c989847b9b67cb63ace3ab086)](https://www.codacy.com/app/todd-schiller/open-synthesis)
[![Requirements Status](https://requires.io/github/twschiller/open-synthesis/requirements.svg?branch=master)](https://requires.io/github/twschiller/open-synthesis/requirements/?branch=master)
[![License Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL-brightgreen.svg)](LICENSE.md)

The purpose of the OPEN-SYNTHESIS project is to empower the public to synthesize vast amounts of information into actionable conclusions.

To this end, the platform and its governance aims to be:

1. Inclusive
2. Transparent
3. Meritocratic

Our approach is to take best practices from the intelligence and business communities and adapt them work with internet 
communities.

## Analysis of Competing Hypotheses (ACH)

Initially, the platform will support the [Analysis of Competing Hypotheses (ACH) framework.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Analysis_of_competing_hypotheses)
ACH was developed by Richards J. Heuer, Jr. for use at the United States Central Intelligence Agency (CIA).

The ACH framework is a good candidate for public discourse because:

* ACH's hypothesis generation and evidence cataloging benefit from a diversity of perspectives
* ACH's process for combining the viewpoints of participants is straightforward and robust
* ACH can account for unreliable evidence, e.g., due to deception

The initial implementation will be similar to [competinghypotheses.org](http://competinghypotheses.org/). However, we 
will adapt the implementation to address the challenges of public discourse.

## Platform Design Principles

The platform will host the analysis of politically sensitive topics. Therefore, its design must strike a balance between
freedom of speech, safety, and productivity. More specific concerns include:

* Open-Source Licensing and Governance
* Privacy
* Accessibility
* Internationalization and Localization
* Moderation vs. Censorship

## Deploying to Heroku

```sh
$ heroku create
$ git push heroku master

$ heroku run python manage.py migrate
$ heroku run python manage.py loaddata source_tags
$ heroku run python manage.py check --deploy
$ heroku open
```
or

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.png)](https://heroku.com/deploy)

## Copyright

Copyright (C) 2016 Todd Schiller

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public 
License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later 
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied 
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If not, see 
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

Commit message:

Reference custom deployment wiki page from README.md; keep the Heroku button to signal that the application is easy to deploy

README.md, after:

# OPEN-SYNTHESIS

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/twschiller/open-synthesis.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/twschiller/open-synthesis)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/twschiller/open-synthesis/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/twschiller/open-synthesis?branch=master)
[![Code Climate Status](https://codeclimate.com/github/twschiller/open-synthesis/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/twschiller/open-synthesis)
[![Codacy Status](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/f223127c989847b9b67cb63ace3ab086)](https://www.codacy.com/app/todd-schiller/open-synthesis)
[![Requirements Status](https://requires.io/github/twschiller/open-synthesis/requirements.svg?branch=master)](https://requires.io/github/twschiller/open-synthesis/requirements/?branch=master)
[![License Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL-brightgreen.svg)](LICENSE.md)

The purpose of the OPEN-SYNTHESIS project is to empower the public to synthesize vast amounts of information into actionable conclusions.

To this end, the platform and its governance aims to be:

1. Inclusive
2. Transparent
3. Meritocratic

Our approach is to take best practices from the intelligence and business communities and adapt them work with internet 
communities.

## Analysis of Competing Hypotheses (ACH)

Initially, the platform will support the [Analysis of Competing Hypotheses (ACH) framework.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Analysis_of_competing_hypotheses)
ACH was developed by Richards J. Heuer, Jr. for use at the United States Central Intelligence Agency (CIA).

The ACH framework is a good candidate for public discourse because:

* ACH's hypothesis generation and evidence cataloging benefit from a diversity of perspectives
* ACH's process for combining the viewpoints of participants is straightforward and robust
* ACH can account for unreliable evidence, e.g., due to deception

The initial implementation will be similar to [competinghypotheses.org](http://competinghypotheses.org/). However, we 
will adapt the implementation to address the challenges of public discourse.

## Platform Design Principles

The platform will host the analysis of politically sensitive topics. Therefore, its design must strike a balance between
freedom of speech, safety, and productivity. More specific concerns include:

* Open-Source Licensing and Governance
* Privacy
* Accessibility
* Internationalization and Localization
* Moderation vs. Censorship

## Deploying to Heroku

Detailed instructions for deploying your own instance can be found on the 
[Custom Deployments wiki page](https://github.com/twschiller/open-synthesis/wiki/Custom-Deployments).

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.png)](https://heroku.com/deploy)

## Copyright

Copyright (C) 2016 Todd Schiller

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public 
License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later 
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied 
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If not, see 
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.
